>> On "The Retreat."
>> People I see are getting
sicker and sicker even though
their bank balance is
getting larger and larger.
>> This week on Gaia.
On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> There's a lot of contact
happening in the present,
just the same as in the past,
that suggests a benevolent
presence.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> The pyramids in Egypt and the
pyramids in Mexico were built
by the same civilization.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> If you want a new life, face
it and make of it a tool and not
your essence.
>> On "Stairway to the Stars."
>> The open source community is
developing AI 10 times faster
than Microsoft or
Google at 1/10 the cost.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightning Talks."
>> By August of 2019, less than
two years from my very first ice
bath, I reversed all trace
of autoimmune in my system.
>> On "Journeys Into the Soul."
>> I'm just excited for a lot
of the pain and grief I've been
growing into the last couple of
years to be reframed and maybe
let go of.
>> On "The Hidden
Side of Egypt."
>> It's a similar situation as
far as people are concerned.
Much of their potential lies
dormant until something awakens
within that transforms
them into the man
or woman they were born to be.
>> Only on Gaia.